Update sentinels.tex (#34)
qwrtln/Homm3BG-mission-book: coops/sentinels.tex

  \item Players can trade resources when one of the active player's heroes visits a trading post or stands on a field adjacent to an allied hero.
  \item The hero who defeats an enemy army gains 2 \svg{experience}.
    The victorious player rolls two Treasure Dice and resolves one of them.
  \item Additionally, no player can:
  \begin{itemize}
      \item Attack other Heroes.
      \item Capture a Mine or Settlement that is already Flagged.
  \end{itemize}
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Enemy Spawning\\and Movement}}

\begin{itemize}
  \item Enemy armies spawn on a random Obelisk field (use hero miniatures from factions not in play).

>   \item Determine which Obelisk field by rolling 2 Attack Dice. Apply the results as following (D1/D2), reroll every 0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Determine which Obelisk field by rolling 2 Attack Dice. Apply the results as follows (D1/D2), reroll any 0:
```

  \begin{itemize}[leftmargin=15pt]
    \item +1/+1 = North, +1/-1 = East
    \item -1/+1 = West, -1/-1 = South
  \end{itemize}

>   \item For a more balanced distribution, in Rounds 7 and 9, only roll the second Attack Die (D2). For D1 take the opposite result from what was rolled in the previous Round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item For a more balanced distribution, in Rounds 7 and 9, only roll the second Attack Die (D2). For D1, take the opposite result from what was rolled in the previous Round.
```
